
# 21/4/2017
## Politics

### Advani, Uma to face conspiracy charges in Babri Masjid case

The Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled that BJP leaders LK Advani, Uma Bharti, Murli Manohar Joshi and others will face conspiracy charges in the Babri Masjid demolition case. The top court further ordered no adjournment would be given under normal circumstances and no judge, hearing the case, would be transferred. It has set a 2-year deadline to complete the trial.<
Source: <a class="source" href="https://twitter.com/PTI_News/status/854563246359146496 " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'PTI' });" target="">PTI</a>

### AIADMK distances itself from party head Sasikala, her family

Tamil Nadu's ruling party AIADMK has decided to distance itself from jailed party chief Sasikala Natarajan and her family, including her nephew and party Deputy General Secretary TTV Dinakaran, State Minister D Jayakumar has said. This comes amid reports that the party's two factions led by Sasikala and former CM O Panneerselvam were in talks for a merger. <
Source: <a class="source" href="http://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/aiadmk-cold-shoulders-sasikala-and-dinakaran-merger-of-warring-factions-on-the-cards/story-aXu8bNZTB79zaEQ6ieIdXJ.html " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'Hindustan%20Times' });" target="blank">Hindustan Times</a>

### Cabinet clears EC's proposal to buy paper trail EVMs

The Union Cabinet on Wednesday cleared the Election Commission's proposal to procure new Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail (VVPAT) equipped EVMs. The EC reportedly requires ₹3,174 crore to buy 16 lakh VVPAT machines to conduct the 2019 polls. The new machines show the result to voters for seven seconds on a paper slip which is then recorded for verification later.<
Source: <a class="source" href="http://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/cabinet-clears-funds-for-buying-vvpat-machines-that-leaves-paper-trail-of-votes/story-42WK33KEe5xShC9lAhU4ZL.html " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'Hindustan%20Times' });" target="blank">Hindustan Times</a>

### Raj Governor Kalyan Singh excluded from Babri Masjid trial

The Supreme Court, while restoring conspiracy charges against BJP leaders LK Advani, Uma Bharti and others, excluded party leader Kalyan Singh from the trial. "Since Kalyan Singh enjoys Constitutional immunity as Rajasthan Governor, he can be tried only after he ceases to hold office," the apex court stated. Meanwhile, Congress has demanded Kalyan Singh's resignation.<
Source: <a class="source" href="https://twitter.com/ANI_news/status/854565534582554625 " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'ANI' });" target="blank">ANI</a>

# 21/4/2017
## Sports

### Serena Williams was pregnant when she won Australian Open

American tennis player Serena Williams was eight weeks pregnant when she won the Australian Open in January this year. She defeated her sister Venus in the final, winning the tournament without dropping a single set. Her publicist confirmed the player's pregnancy on Wednesday, saying Serena will miss the rest of the 2017 season and will aim to return in 2018.<
Source: <a class="source" href="http://www.wtatennis.com/news/article/6501103/title/serena-williams-confirms-pregnancy-annoucement?utm_source=t.co&amp;utm_medium=referral " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'WTA' });" target="_blank">WTA</a>

# 21/4/2017
## technology

### Facebook owns world's top 4 most downloaded apps

Mark Zuckerberg Co-founded social media giant Facebook currently owns the four most downloaded non-gaming apps in the world, namely WhatsApp, Facebook, Messenger, and Instagram. While Messenger tops the App Store download charts, Facebook is the most downloaded app on Google Play. In terms of revenue, video and audio streaming app Netflix continues to be the world's highest grossing app.<
Source: <a class="source" href="https://thenextweb.com/apps/2017/04/18/facebook-downloaded-app-netflix/#.tnw_wbjmwlAj " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'TheNextWeb' });" target="_blank">TheNextWeb</a>

### Malaysia Airlines world's 1st to satellite-track its flights

Malaysia Airlines will become the world's first airline to track its flights with the help of satellites by 2018. This will enable the airline to track its flights minute-by-minute, anywhere in the world including over the polar regions and the most remote oceans. No new avionics or modifications are needed for aircraft to be tracked by the satellites.<
Source: <a class="source" href="https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-04-18/malaysia-air-is-first-airline-to-track-planes-with-satellites " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'Bloomberg' });" target="_blank">Bloomberg</a>
