
# 21/4/2017
## Politics

### Advani, Uma to face conspiracy charges in Babri Masjid case

The Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled that BJP leaders LK Advani, Uma Bharti, Murli Manohar Joshi and others will face conspiracy charges in the Babri Masjid demolition case. The top court further ordered no adjournment would be given under normal circumstances and no judge, hearing the case, would be transferred. It has set a 2-year deadline to complete the trial.<
Source: <a class="source" href="https://twitter.com/PTI_News/status/854563246359146496 " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'PTI' });" target="_blank">PTI</a>

### Raj Governor Kalyan Singh excluded from Babri Masjid trial

The Supreme Court, while restoring conspiracy charges against BJP leaders LK Advani, Uma Bharti and others, excluded party leader Kalyan Singh from the trial. "Since Kalyan Singh enjoys Constitutional immunity as Rajasthan Governor, he can be tried only after he ceases to hold office," the apex court stated. Meanwhile, Congress has demanded Kalyan Singh's resignation.<
Source: <a class="source" href="https://twitter.com/ANI_news/status/854565534582554625 " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'ANI' });" target="_blank">ANI</a>

### Cabinet clears EC's proposal to buy paper trail EVMs

The Union Cabinet on Wednesday cleared the Election Commission's proposal to procure new Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail (VVPAT) equipped EVMs. The EC reportedly requires ₹3,174 crore to buy 16 lakh VVPAT machines to conduct the 2019 polls. The new machines show the result to voters for seven seconds on a paper slip which is then recorded for verification later.<
Source: <a class="source" href="http://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/cabinet-clears-funds-for-buying-vvpat-machines-that-leaves-paper-trail-of-votes/story-42WK33KEe5xShC9lAhU4ZL.html " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'Hindustan%20Times' });" target="_blank">Hindustan Times</a>

### Don't take law into your hands: Adityanath tells BJP workers

Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath on Thursday said that the BJP workers should not take the law into their hands if they find any discrepancy in development works being carried out in the state. "When we were in opposition, dharna and protest were justified but now you (workers) are in power... Your work is to popularise government schemes," Adityanath added.<
Source: <a class="source" href="https://repository.inshorts.com/articles/en/PTI/78e45b8e-1021-4ef0-a5a4-49d438a3d1fb " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'PTI' });" target="_blank">PTI</a>

# 21/4/2017
## Sports

### Man sets world record by using 17-foot-long pool cue

A pool cue measuring 17 feet 7.4 inches, which was used by Florian Kohler from France, is recognised by the Guinness World Records as the 'world's longest usable pool cue'. The stick, made using the same materials as a regular-sized cue, was used to pot seven subsequent balls. The record was set in Las Vegas, United States in March 2017.<
Source: <a class="source" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dy6wkqRzc5I " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'YouTube' });" target="_blank">YouTube</a>

# 21/4/2017
## technology

### 95% engineers in India unfit for coding jobs: Study

As many as 95% of engineers in India are unfit for coding jobs, according to a study by employability assessment company Aspiring Minds. The study found only 4.77% of engineers are capable of writing the correct logic for a program, a minimum requirement for any programming job. It further said 60% engineers in India cannot write a code that compiles. <
Source: <a class="source" href="https://yourstory.com/2017/04/engineers-india-unfit-coding-jobs-report/ " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'YourStory' });" target="_blank">YourStory</a>

### IBM gets ₹58,000 crore wiped off from valuation in a day

Technology giant IBM lost over $9 billion (over ₹58,000 crore) in market capitalisation on Wednesday during intraday trade. IBM, which reported a fall in its revenue for the 20th consecutive quarter, saw shares slide by over 5%. Following this, billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway holding company, which has stake in IBM, also lost around $770 million (₹4,900 crore) on Wednesday.<
Source: <a class="source" href="http://fortune.com/2017/04/19/ibm-stock-buffett-revenue-miss/ " onclick="ga('send', {'hitType': 'event', 'eventCategory': 'ReadMore', 'eventAction': 'clicked', 'eventLabel': 'Fortune' });" target="_blank">Fortune</a>
